But in my heart, it became like a burning fire.
Wow!
Jeremiah spoke with boldness.
Have you ever wanted to tell someone about Jehovah?
But we're afraid?
Lots of felt that way.
Even the Prophet Jeremiah.
In Jeremiah's day,
God's people were doing bad things.
Jehovah sent Jeremiah to tell them to stop.
But Jeremiah said,
I am just a boy.
Because inside, he felt he couldn't do it.
So Jehovah promised him,
do not be afraid because of their appearance.
For I am with you to save you.
For many years,
Jeremiah relied totally on Jehovah
and spoke with boldness.
But it wasn't always easy.
This is pasture,
a priest who wanted Jeremiah to stay quiet.
He had him locked up for a whole night to scare him.
And it almost worked.
Jeremiah wanted to quit being Jehovah's Prophet.
But he loved Jehovah,
like a fire in his heart that he couldn't keep in.
And he loved people.
When they listened,
it made Jeremiah happy.
Jehovah's friends rely on him
and speak with boldness,
just like Jeremiah did.
Why not read more of his story
and learn about other challenges he faced?
Make time every day to learn from Jehovah's friends.
What do you think?
How did Jeremiah become Jehovah's friend?
Who do you want to talk to about Jehovah?
What can you say to help them
become Jehovah's friend?